In my opinion it makes sense to do BGP labs in the following sequence.

# Basic course
## Basic BGP configuration
Configuring eBGP sessions with multiple ISPs, receiving and advertising routes:
- basic/0-frrouting - FRR with clab must be used instead of Cumulus in WSL
- basic/1-session - configure eBGP session with ISP
- basic/2-multihomed - configure two eBGP sessions with 2 ISPs
- basic/3-originate - advertise own public /24 prefix to ISP
- basic/5-redistribute - use redistribution vs `network` command to advertise routes in BGP
- basic/c-default-route/ - advertise default route to BGP
## Basic route filtering (inbound and outbound)
Protect from being transit AS with AS-path access-list and inbound and outbound route-maps.
### Outbound filtering
- policy/2-stop-transit - Stop being transit AS with AS-Path access-lists filtering
- policy/3-prefix - use route-map on "out" to advertise only your aggregated prefixes
### Inbound filtering
- basic/b-max-prefix/ - Limit number of prefixes received from peer
## Securing & optimizing BGP session
Configure MD5 password, TTL security and TCP AO to protect BGP session.
- basic/6-protect/ - Arista vEOS with libvirt must be used in WSL
- basic/9-ao/ - Arista vEOS with libvirt must be used in WSL
- basic/7-bfd - Configure BFD and optimize BGP timers
## Use iBGP
- ibgp/1-edge/ - configure iBGP between two edge routers
## BGP routing policies (route-maps)
Now let's define routing policy for outbound and inbound traffic.
### Outbound traffic policy
Manipulate BGP weight and LocalPref for outbound traffic policy.
- policy/1-weights/ - use weight for BGP best path selection
- policy/5-local-preference/ - use LocalPref for BGP best path selection
### Inbound traffic policy
In the previous labs we set preferred links and ISPs for outbound traffic, it was pretty straightforward.

Prefer one link or ISP over another for inbound traffic is more challenging. Obviously, because our inbound traffic is outbound for peers / ISP and they have their routing policy set with LocalPref, weight, etc.!

However, there are few common techniques in BGP to manipulate inbound traffic.

Manipulate BGP AS-Path and MED and other ways for inbound traffic policy.
- policy/7-prepend/ - use AS-Path prepend to manipulate inbound traffic
- policy/6-med/ - use MED in scenario with 2 links to the same ISP
- policy/8-community-attach/ - use BGP communities provided by ISPs to manipulate inbound traffic
- policy/b-disaggregate/ - advertise more-specific prefixes to manipulate inbound traffic
- policy/c-cond-advertise - BGP conditional advertisement
## BGP for IPv6
Configure BGP session for IPv6 routing (dual-stack):
- basic/4-ipv6/ - enable BGP for IPv6 (dual-stack)







