# Installation
## BGP labs in Azure repository
### Master branch
Maybe I'll customize all lab files (to make sure they work in WSL on corporate laptops). Then it makes sense to create a new repo for BGP labs and upload the files there to "master" branch.
Then I should update section of "Clone BGP labs"!
### Student's branches
Does it make sense if students clone solutions to their branches and then upload to Azure repo? 
Will we be able to collect config files for all labs? Will I be able to verify solution with configuration files?

# Saving config and upload
I tried to do `write` on network devices and `netlab collect` to gather config, but after `netlab down` and `netlab up` config didn't persist on network devices. 

However, it existed in `config` directory (result of using `netlab collect`).

I also checked that you don't need to `write` config to save it to `config` folder with `netlab collect`.

However, you can upload config of network devices (previously gathered with `netlab collect`) with `netlab up --reload-config <config dir>` command.

# iBGP discussion
## iBGP routing loops
Prepare questions and network topologies to talk about iBGP limits / requirements:
- Example of routing loop (or another issue) when there is no "Split Horizon" rule in iBGP
- Example of routing loop (or another issue) when there is no iBGP "full mesh"
Try to find links on articles about these topics.

## BGP confederations
Repeat BGP confederations for myself and maybe prepare short topic for students.

# BGP in Internet
Prepare articles and links to show
- Talk about terminology: RIR, LIR, etc.
- Show IRRs
- Talk about RPKI and check on Cisco, Juniper, etc. how it works
- Show looking glasses

# Basic BGP
## BGP messages
Talk about 4 main BGP messages and 5th additional one:
- OPEN
- UPDATE
- KEEPALIVE
- NOTIFICATION
- ROUTE-REFRESH
## BGP attributes
List all of BGP attributes.

Talk about well-known, optional, transit and non-transit attributes, etc.
## BGP best path selection process
Look through all steps of best path selection.

# Challenging labs with Netlab
Try to prepare labs in Netlab on advanced topics (for myself and also for students):
- BGP in MPLS L3VPN
- BGP with Segment Routing
- BGP with EVPN in large data centers
- BGP Anycast
If successful, share these labs with Ivan Pepelnjak.

# BGP use cases
Consider various typical network topologies and scenarios to use BGP:
- ISP - provide Internet services
- ISP - provide MPLS L3VPN / L2VPN services
- Data center - VXLAN & EVPN for L3 and L2VPNs
- Segment routing as replacement of MPLS (why?)
- Data center with repeated leaf & spine blocks topology





